Your string of Buddha beads is a life-threatening thing, do you know?
You say this
This string of beads was given to me by my brother
How could he possibly harm me?
I don't know who gave it to you.
I can only tell you that he is indeed a life-threatening thing
According to the situation of evil spirits entering the body
This thing will make you more and more unlucky
These two days will lock your life
Master Shen, you still have research on this feng shui medicine
Scream a little bit
I advise you to destroy him quickly
Master Shen, you don't know
My brother and I played each other since childhood
He killed me.
It's no good for my brother
Master Shen, you must have read it wrong.
Believe it or not?
Send the contempt message as soon as possible
Send me the message with Du Yuanhua.
Yes, I'll send it to your phone later.
Hey
Master Shen
Master Chen
Master Shen, please accept this card
Thanks a lot.
Your martial arts and medical skills are high
What feng shui is he talking about with me?
Isn't that bullshit?
How could my brother harm me?
Who spilled the water?